Now I removed the breakpoint here and now that we saw the debugging tools in action let's have a closer
look at these debugging overlays.
We can open on these virtual devices or on real devices too.
So on Android again you open it with command or control em.
And first of all I'll stop at remote J.S. debugging you always need to stop this once you're done and
you should stop it when you're when you're not in need of it anymore because it slows down your app.
But if it's running and now let's see which other cool things we can see there for example we can reload
the app simply while reloaded in case it got stuck somehow.
You can also disable life reloading which just as automatic reloading when you change something and
code.
You can try enable a hot reloading which means it will try to reload parts of the screen that changed
without reloading the entire app.
After saving a file the default is that it reloads the entire app and off not reloading doesn't work
in exactly the way it should work which is why it's not enabled by default.
So I'll also go with live reloading here.
But you can play around with that and then we get these free other things down there where especially
the inspector and Performance Monitor are very interesting.
Let's start with the Performance Monitor.
If you enabled this you get this overlay which basically informs you about the performance you are having.
And there you can see at how many frames your app is running how many frames were dropped and so on.
Now please be aware that the performance you are seeing here is not the final performance of your app
though because it's still in development mode.
We're not having the debugger attached but development mode also means that there is a lot of overhead
in your code.
For example the overlay we're seeing here which is part of the app so to say which makes your apps slower
than it would typically be.
So this can be an indicator but it's not the final production ready testing you should do.
Still it can be nice here you open it with commodity on ice it can be nice to look into this and get
a feeling for how your apps behaving and how it's performing how much memory is consumed and so on.
This can also help you spot memory leaks if this value for example is going up and up and you are occupying
more and more memory on the device.